#HashChain# 
#Author Andrew Leonard#

This code is used to determine how a website authenticates a user. In this case, the coder is looking to find the hash just previous to the one given. 
The challenger is given a hash for the user ‘nOOB’ and must find out how to authenticate as the user ‘ECSC’. The first thing completed here was to google the hash to see what it translates to. When this is completed, the hash reversed reveals the answer “Noob”. This means, that the authentication process reverses letter cases (Upper and Lower) before hashing. This results in ‘ECSC’ becoming ‘ecsc’. The next challenge is to find out what the hash before the hash “c89aa2ffb9edcc6604005196b5f0e0e4” is. This may be thousands of hashes in, so this will require some sort of code or function in order to find.

In this example python code with a loop will be used in order to find the hash. The code creates two variables, ‘ecsc’ and the hash that needs to be compared.The string will be hashed at most 1000000 times. This is as the testers do not know when the hash will match. The string is hashed, and then compared to the initial hash to see if it is the same. If they are the same, there is no longer a need to keep hashing. A variable ‘I’ is printed, which indicated how many times it has been hashed. Num is a new variable which is assigned the value of i. Both the hash just calculated, and the initial hash are printed to be compared to ensure they are the same. It is the hash before this hash that is needed, however. 

As a result, another loop and a new variable with the value ‘ecsc’ are created. This loop will only circulate the amount of times the previous loop had to circulate in order to find a match (num times).  There is then an ‘if statement’, to check if the value of the loop is x – 1. The number and the hash are then printed. This function is there in order to print the hash of the value just one hash before initial hash. This results in the authentication hash being printed. 

